# December 2016 - Table of Contents

- [December 1, 2016 Meeting Notes](dec-1.md#december-1-2016-meeting-notes)
  * [4 Approval minutes from last meeting](dec-1.md#4-approval-minutes-from-last-meeting)
  * [6.i Determine 2017 TC39 meeting dates, locations, and hosts.](dec-1.md#6i-determine-2017-tc39-meeting-dates-locations-and-hosts)
  * [12.ii.c Promise.prototype.finally](dec-1.md#12iic-promiseprototypefinally)
  * [12.ii.e Variation on UnambiguousJavaScriptGrammar](dec-1.md#12iie-variation-on-unambiguousjavascriptgrammar)
  * [14.ii import() open issues and stage 3 discussion](dec-1.md#14ii-import-open-issues-and-stage-3-discussion)
  * [13.ii.b Private State](dec-1.md#13iib-private-state)
  * [DE: The plan is to merge the specs for Stage 3](dec-1.md#de-the-plan-is-to-merge-the-specs-for-stage-3)
  * [13.vi Process proposal: require an implementation to land a normative PR to the spec](dec-1.md#13vi-process-proposal-require-an-implementation-to-land-a-normative-pr-to-the-spec)
  * [13.vii Open-ended: How can we promote diversity and inclusion in TC39](dec-1.md#13vii-open-ended-how-can-we-promote-diversity-and-inclusion-in-tc39)
- [November 29, 2016 Meeting Notes](nov-29.md#november-29-2016-meeting-notes)
  * [Introduction](nov-29.md#introduction)
  * [3 Adoption of the agenda](nov-29.md#3-adoption-of-the-agenda)
  * [4 Approval of the minutes from last meeting](nov-29.md#4-approval-of-the-minutes-from-last-meeting)
  * [5 Report from ECMA Secretariat](nov-29.md#5-report-from-ecma-secretariat)
  * [6 Administrative matters](nov-29.md#6-administrative-matters)
  * [7 ECMA-262 Status Updates](nov-29.md#7-ecma-262-status-updates)
  * [8 ECMA-402 Status Updates](nov-29.md#8-ecma-402-status-updates)
  * [9 ECMA-404 and ECMA414 Updates](nov-29.md#9-ecma-404-and-ecma414-updates)
  * [13.i Needs-consensus PRs](nov-29.md#13i-needs-consensus-prs)
  * [11.i.a RegExp s/dotAll flag proposal](nov-29.md#11ia-regexp-sdotall-flag-proposal)
  * [11.ii.b Promise.try](nov-29.md#11iib-promisetry)
  * [12.i.a Promise.resolve constructor check](nov-29.md#12ia-promiseresolve-constructor-check)
  * [12.i.b ArrayIterator tweak for detached TypedArrays](nov-29.md#12ib-arrayiterator-tweak-for-detached-typedarrays)
  * [12.ii.b Module Namespace Objects: Various Oddities](nov-29.md#12iib-module-namespace-objects-various-oddities)
  * [12.ii.d Proposal to reform the spec to include default export in export * from 'module'](nov-29.md#12iid-proposal-to-reform-the-spec-to-include-default-export-in-export--from-module)
  * [12.iv.a import()](nov-29.md#12iva-import)
- [November 30, 2016 Meeting Notes](nov-30.md#november-30-2016-meeting-notes)
  * [5 Report from the Ecma Secretariat](nov-30.md#5-report-from-the-ecma-secretariat)
  * [6.i Meeting scheduling](nov-30.md#6i-meeting-scheduling)
  * [4 Approval minutes from last meeting](nov-30.md#4-approval-minutes-from-last-meeting)
  * [13.ii.a SharedArrayBuffer](nov-30.md#13iia-sharedarraybuffer)
  * [10 Test262 update](nov-30.md#10-test262-update)
  * [12.ii.a. Proposal to reform the spec to solve Node.js ecosystem compatibility breaks w/ ES Modules](nov-30.md#12iia-proposal-to-reform-the-spec-to-solve-nodejs-ecosystem-compatibility-breaks-w-es-modules)
  * [12.iv.b LineTerminator normalization: implementation feedback for F.p.toString](nov-30.md#12ivb-lineterminator-normalization-implementation-feedback-for-fptostring)
  * [13.v Progress report and request for comments on 64-bit int support](nov-30.md#13v-progress-report-and-request-for-comments-on-64-bit-int-support)
  * [12.iv.c RegExp lookbehind](nov-30.md#12ivc-regexp-lookbehind)
  * [12.ii.f Intl.Segmenter](nov-30.md#12iif-intlsegmenter)
  * [11.ii.a Revisit NaN Again!](nov-30.md#11iia-revisit-nan-again)
